hello youtube friends this time
I come for different friends if for the
fishing lovers like me if you pass them
that instead of buying the blanket it 's
They want to kill only one
today I come to explain how to tie a
fish hook
here has been done later if you do not know well
to take a picture for those who see how
day often and here we are going to do now
I'm going to do it in this big one so
is in this big dakar so that
we're going to do it with this thread with
this and then yes so that you
can see well how it is done
pretty end everything
basically it's done this way
grab dear assuming it was the
belly yes and they will do a prayer or what
that is great for you can
appreciate it, it becomes an eyelet in this way
there is a buttonhole so that what of this
way like that but if I appreciate you well
there
taking soil and put them on top of
this
and they will do it with their hands
and the number of guests will start
want
yes
that have a little more or a little more
rebel but they will see what is going to be
well even if they start to spin what
keeping
yes
when I come around you already
they have
around the corner so they do not hold up with
one day and they pull this one
they throw their finger
throwing spinosi and fired like that would be
is tirabassi
yes
and there it would be on the ground tied with
this knot can pull everything
you want so it's not going to
cut battles and they would give him in the part
of eyelet
not yet in the mature the part of
Salt
I can do it because I
and so it takes 12 active laps
and there
Y
if this is a bit of bone we start a
song with this would be there you have to
give now sounded already made to put
directly on the cane they do not have
Mother's place and this one can not be
quiet it will not let go there
who make a place like this
they hooked me up with this mode
they can do it quietly and it does not
is missing that comes inside now because
As it is so often, nothing happens
the ass cuts a little there
and then at the normal time zone
for in fish life
us so that I am
with family assets and I've had
Very good results
good friends try to comment
if they like it if they like it they define it by
moments of I will keep uploading things
and having how to have had some things
fishing
to greece for tomás eat tenure of
cuto
and then all of a click on the little hand
up and if you want to subscribe
let's say it so this topic
thank you very much